# Quick Start

## Create Repository with Template

1.  Install **GitHub apps** in your account or organization for labels & badges auto-creating:

    1.  [Probot settings][1]
    2.  [PR badge][2]

2.  Click the **[Use this template][3] button** on the top of this GitHub repository's home page, then create your own repository in the app-installed namespace above.

## Setup Repository Secrets

Users can start by creating their own Dewhale repository based on the current template repo. In the repository's [`settings -> secrets and variables -> actions`][4] section, the following repository secrets need to be set up:

- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: This is an OpenAI API key. [How to create one?][5]
- `WHITELIST`: A list of GitHub usernames allowed to use Dewhale, separated by commas. Only issues and comments created by users in the WHITELIST will be responded to by Dewhale, ensuring API usage safety.

## Create An Issue

Once set up, users can create issues to describe their requirements. Issues labelled with `ui-gen` will trigger Dewhale to create a PR, including the code generated by Dewhale.

Users can modify the issue description or iterate on the UI requirements through comments in the issue or PR. All these information will be incorporated into Dewhale's prompt.

Under the hood, Dewhale use Github Actions to create a workflow, so you can debug by reviewing the workflow logs.

## Preview UI

Dewhale includes a preview UI feature. In the template repository, we continuously deploy via Cloudflare Pages to preview the generated UI results. Alternatively, other service providers can be used for this process.

[How to configure continuously deploy](./CD.md).

[1]: https://github.com/apps/settings
[2]: https://pullrequestbadge.com/
[3]: https://github.com/new?template_name=dewhale&template_owner=Yuyz0112
[4]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-a-repository
[5]: https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart/account-setup
